Rhnsd #8149 ke (#552)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/public-cloud.adoc

# rm -rf /var/cache/salt
----
+

> . If you are using a traditionally managed client, clean up the working files with this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you are using a traditional client, clean up the working files with this command:
```

"Traditionally managed" could be confusing. We refer to them as "traditional clients" elsewhere.
